# CS-340
<Strong>1. How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?</Strong> To write maintainable, radable, and adatable code I focused on aspects such as making my project modular and reusable. The project was designed with standalone modules that isolated the database logic from the dashboard logic. Instead of rewriting queries in multiple places, I could simply import and call the methods from the single module, making any updates or debugging much easier. In the future, I could use this for any application that has database interation, or use it as a foundation to build further features.<br>
<Strong>2. How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?</Strong> When I started this project, I broke the problem down into its smaller components such as the data storage, CRUD operations, or dashboard. This differs from earlier coursework where the solutions differed each week. Instead I had to focus on the larger ideas of system design.<br>
<Strong>3. What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?</Strong> Computer scientists design systems that help organizations operate more effeciently. They create tools that can allow for data-driven decisions that help companaies make accurate decisions. The work we did on this project allowed users to transform data into actionable insights, providing real value.
